<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
    <title>About Us</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.0.0/css/bootstrap.min.css" integrity="sha384-Gn5384xqQ1aoWXA+058RXPxPg6fy4IWvTNh0E263XmFcJlSAwiGgFAW/dAiS6JXm" crossorigin="anonymous"/>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: 'Nunito', sans-serif;
            background-color: #f8f9fa;
        }

        .container {
            max-width: 1200px;
            margin: auto;
            padding: 20px;
        }

        h1 {
            font-size: 3rem;
            font-weight: bold;
            color: #343a40;
            margin-bottom: 20px;
        }

        .lead {
            font-size: 1.5rem;
            color: #6c757d;
        }

        h2 {
            font-size: 2rem;
            margin-top: 30px;
            color: #343a40;
        }

        p {
            font-size: 1.25rem;
            line-height: 1.6;
            color: #495057;
        }

        .rounded-circle {
            width: 150px;
            height: 150px;
        }

        .mt-5 {
            margin-top: 3rem !important;
        }

        .mt-4 {
            margin-top: 1.5rem !important;
        }

        .text-center {
            text-align: center !important;
        }

        .mb-2 {
            margin-bottom: 0.5rem !important;
        }
    </style>
</h:head>
<h:body>
    <ui:include src="navbar.xhtml"/>
    <div class="container">
        <div class="row mt-5">
            <div class="col-md-12 text-center">
                <h1>About Academia University Event Management System</h1>
                <p class="lead">Empowering university events through seamless management and organization.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="row mt-4">
            <div class="col-md-6">
                <h2>Our Mission</h2>
                <p>At Academia University, we are committed to providing a robust event management system that enhances the planning and execution of university events. Our platform ensures that every event is a success, fostering a vibrant and engaging campus life.</p>
                <h2>Our Vision</h2>
                <p>We envision a campus where every event is seamlessly managed, where students and faculty can focus on creating memorable experiences. Our system is designed to support this vision by providing a user-friendly, efficient, and reliable event management solution.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="col-md-6">
                <h2>What We Offer</h2>
                <p>Our event management system offers a comprehensive solution to manage all aspects of university events. From event creation and registration to attendee management and feedback collection, our system is designed to streamline the entire process, making event management easier and more efficient.</p>
                <p>With features such as automated notifications, real-time updates, and detailed analytics, our platform ensures that event organizers have all the tools they need to create successful events. Additionally, our user-friendly interface ensures that both organizers and attendees have a seamless experience.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
    <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.2.1.slim.min.js" integrity="sha384-KJ3o2DKtIkvYIK3UENzmM7KCkRr/rE9/Qpg6aAZGJwFDMVNA/GpGFF93hXpG5KkN" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/popper.js/1.12.9/umd/popper.min.js" integrity="sha384-ApNbgh9B+Y1QKtv3Rn7W3mgPxhU9P6VRd6lzagHq5dX/jp6jpO+6fI/jm" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.0.0/js/bootstrap.min.js" integrity="sha384-JZR6Spejh4U02d8jOt6vLEHfe/JQGiRRSQQxSfFwAiw1T9mm4aYYPoaZef5n6w5k" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
</h:body>
</html>
